Do you remember the first time you felt really confident?

I don’t mean like kind of happy with yourself, confidence...

I’m talking FULL-BLOWN confidence.

To the point that nobody could say ANYTHING or do ANYTHING that could bring you down?

I want you to think about THAT moment for a second. Feels good right?

If you haven’t experienced that feeling yet…

Bear with me for the rest of this email because… YOU WILL!

You see, confidence doesn’t come down to simply looking good.

There’s more to it!

For me, the single most, important factor that lead to TRULY feeling confident was STYLE.

==> Click HERE to learn how discovering style changed my life and INCREASED my confidence (Plus how to customize it to YOU)

Style gave me next level confidence, both internally and externally.

You see, having amazing style is crucial for 3 simple reasons:

    It communicates your personality
    It displays your hard-earned fitness results
    Plus, it demonstrates you’re NOT lazy

And from a biological perspective…

That means LEAPS and BOUNDS more to a woman then how much you bench press!

...Speaking of which, I’m up to 295lbs for 3 on incline bench. It may not matter but it sure is fun! Haha

Getting back on track…

I’ve been saying for a while now…

Kinobody isn’t JUST about fitness anymore.

Fitness IS important.

Nutrition IS important.

Living an AMAZING lifestyle…

Is also REALLY important.

Fitness must enrich your life, NOT consume it!

That said, having great style is a key component of lifestyle.

That’s why a while back, I teamed up with fashion icons & style expert, Tanner Guzy...

To create an amazing style course for all my fellow Kino Warriors looking to up their style game.

If you’ve ever been curious about taking your style to the next level…

Then I have a treat for you:

==> I suggest you check this out to learn about the EXACT strategies I used to upgrade my style!

Think about it like this:

You can get as big and muscular…

Or as lean and chiseled as you want…

Yet, if you don’t display it properly - Nobody will ever know!

This stuff is important.

It’s also soooooo simple once you understand the fundamentals!

Use these style strategies and then go hit up your favorite clothing store.

Personally, I love Zara and Urban Outfitter.

Might be a great starting point for you!?

That said, it’s my last night here in Cali.

Time to throw together a stylish outfit, grab some food, and make the night count ;-)

I hope you do the same!

Take care,

Greg

